Release azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter beta.23 (#40316)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.23 (05-23-2024)

### Other Changes

> - [Disable _OTELRESOURCE_ custom metric in non-AKS environments](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/40312)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Only emit `_APPRESOURCEPREVIEW_` custom metric in AKS preview integration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/40312)
```
